Incremental commits spec changes (#1511)
input-output-hk/hydra: spec/overview.tex

transactions that have been processed into it as the snapshot's multi-signature
is now evidence that this state once existed during the head evolution.

\red{Besides processing ``normal'' transactions, participants can also request
  to withdraw some UTxO they can spend from the Head and make it available on main
  chain, or deposit some UTxO they can spend from L1 and make it available within the Head.
  These processes are called decrement, via the \mtxDecrement{} transaction, 

>   and increment, via the \mtxIncrement{} transaction.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\red{Besides processing ``normal'' transactions, participants can also request
  to withdraw some UTxO they can spend from the Head and make it available on main
  chain, or deposit some UTxO they can spend from L1 and make it available within the Head.
  These processes are called decommit, via the \mtxDecrement{} transaction, 
  and (incremental) commit, via the \mtxIncrement{} transaction.}
```

	\item No hanging transactions due to `coordination'.
	\item No acknowledgement nor confirmation of transactions.
	\item No confirmation message for snapshots (two-round local confirmation).

>   \item Allow for \red{increments and} decrements while head is open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Allow for \red{incremental commits and} decommits while head is open.
```

I'd like to keep this terminology: The overall process is called commit/decommit, and only the transactions we put on L1 are increment/decrement.
